README.md, before:

# Team Fortress 2 Server on ARM machine

This container wraps everything that needs to be installed to make a TF2 server works on an ARM machine. It uses [Box64](https://github.com/ptitSeb/box64) ([Box86](https://github.com/ptitSeb/box86) for steamcmd) to have the best emulation performances.

## Installation
### Build
Make sure Docker is installed.
Note : the layers hash may be different because of box64 and box86 updates. 

```sh
cd src
./build.sh
```

### Starting the server

**Every utils scripts are contained inside the `src` directory.**

This TF2 container assumes that the tf2 installation is persistent and might be shared across multiple docker containers. There are 2 volumes that you need to set, the TF2 installation and the `cfg` folder.

**First** you'll need to create a `bashenv` file inside `src` where you'll put :

 - RCONPWD="" # RCON password to connect remotely as Console (shared across containers)
 - ARR_SERVER_TOKENS=() # [Server account tokens](https://steamcommunity.com/dev/managegameservers)
 \# Example : ARR_SERVER_TOKENS=("5E7AF12F4DB6C559A8E59D9F9245478B", "4E2F9D7A85194F5AB0B56D295FEC4979")

**Before starting anything, here is the `start.sh` arguments list based on index :**

`$i` represents the number of active containers.

 1. Container Name: (Default: `tf_arm_$i`) *if set as `dev`, you can start the container as root with a `/bin/bash` entrypoint.*
 2. Game Installation Directory: (Default: `$HOME/tf2`)
 3. Configuration Directory: (Default: `$PWD/etc/normal`)
 4. Server Account Token: (Default: `ARR_SERVER_TOKENS[$i]`)

### Configurations
Before doing anything, you will need to edit some files in the `etc` directory.
There is the `cfg` directory that contains the `normal` configuration directory.
The `start.sh` script will copy and overwrite everything inside the configuration volume. You can have multiple configuration directories in your system.

## Credits

Credit goes to the developer of these containers ([CM2Walki](https://github.com/CM2Walki)) for laying the foundation upon which this container was built :
[x86_64 TF2 Container](https://github.com/CM2Walki/TF2)
[x86_64 Steamcmd](https://github.com/CM2Walki/steamcmd)

Commit message:

added : tags from the docker hub repository

README.md, after:

# Team Fortress 2 Server on ARM machine

[Link to the Docker Hub repository](https://hub.docker.com/r/mhktp/tf2-arm-server)

This container wraps everything that needs to be installed to make a TF2 server works on an ARM machine. It uses [Box64](https://github.com/ptitSeb/box64) ([Box86](https://github.com/ptitSeb/box86) for steamcmd) to have the best emulation performances.

## Installation
### Build
Make sure Docker is installed.
Note : the layers hash may be different because of box64 and box86 updates.

```sh
cd src
./build.sh
```

### Starting the server

**Every utils scripts are contained inside the `src` directory.**

This TF2 container assumes that the tf2 installation is persistent and might be shared across multiple docker containers. There are 2 volumes that you need to set, the TF2 installation and the `cfg` folder.

**First** you'll need to create a `bashenv` file inside `src` where you'll put :

 - RCONPWD="" # RCON password to connect remotely as Console (shared across containers)
 - ARR_SERVER_TOKENS=() # [Server account tokens](https://steamcommunity.com/dev/managegameservers)
 \# Example : ARR_SERVER_TOKENS=("5E7AF12F4DB6C559A8E59D9F9245478B", "4E2F9D7A85194F5AB0B56D295FEC4979")

**Before starting anything, here is the `start.sh` arguments list based on index :**

`$i` represents the number of active containers.

 1. Container Name: (Default: `tf_arm_$i`) *if set as `dev`, you can start the container as root with a `/bin/bash` entrypoint.*
 2. Game Installation Directory: (Default: `$HOME/tf2`)
 3. Configuration Directory: (Default: `$PWD/etc/normal`)
 4. Server Account Token: (Default: `ARR_SERVER_TOKENS[$i]`)

### Configurations
Before doing anything, you will need to edit some files in the `etc` directory.
There is the `cfg` directory that contains the `normal` configuration directory.
The `start.sh` script will copy and overwrite everything inside the configuration volume. You can have multiple configuration directories in your system.

## Credits

Credit goes to the developer of these containers ([CM2Walki](https://github.com/CM2Walki)) for laying the foundation upon which this container was built :
[x86_64 TF2 Container](https://github.com/CM2Walki/TF2)
[x86_64 Steamcmd](https://github.com/CM2Walki/steamcmd)
